Fixed #36290 -- Made TupleIn() lookup discard tuples containing None. (#19331)
django/django: docs/releases/5.2.1.txt

Bugfixes
========

> * Addressed a mishandling of tuples containing ``None`` values when
>   matched against a ``__in`` lookup that resulted in unnecessary
>   queries when prefetching nullable foreign key relationships.

Reviewer: I would simplify release notes (we don't need to be so detailed), e.g.
```suggestion
* Fixed a regression in Django 5.2 that caused unnecessary queries when
  prefetching nullable foreign key relationships (:ticket:`36290`).
```
